{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\{% extends "layout.html" %\} \{% block page_title %\}Topics\{% endblock%\} \{% block content %\}\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 Make docking as easy to use as BLAST by lowering the barriers to entry for molecular docking\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Molecular docking is the most pragmatic approach to use protein structures for ligand discovery. Notwithstanding numerous successes, the technique remains difficult to use for novices and is tricky even for experts. DOCK Blaster is our attempt to lower the barriers to using molecular docking. \
In 2018 we broke ground on a new version of DOCK Blaster, TLDR, which aims to address weaknesses in our first implementation, Blaster9. \
TLDR is powered by UCSF DOCK 3.7 and ZINC15.\
We are currently testing TLDR. In the meantime, the previous versions are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DOCK Blaster - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blaster.docking.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 blaster.docking.org}} - a free web portal for non-covalent molecular docking. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DOCKovalent - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://covalent.docking.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 covalent.docking.org}} - a free covalent docking server. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Metabolite docking - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://metabolite.docking.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 metabolite.docking.org}} - a molecular docking service focused on metabolite docking for protein function discovery. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 Ligand based tools\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 We develop and maintain {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://zinc15.docking.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 ZINC}}, a database of commercially available and annotated compounds for virtual screening, ligand discovery, and systems pharmacology. \
ZINC allows you to answer questions such as: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What compounds can I buy that are similar to my compound? (ABC or Analog By Catalog)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What compounds can I buy that are active against my target? (intersecting annotated and purchasable chemical space)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the most similar metabolites, drugs, or other bioactives to my compound? (bioactivity inference by molecular similarity)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What building blocks can I buy to do chemistry?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We are currently working on a major new version, ZINC 15, that offers many new tools for finding bioactive compounds for targets. \
The new version of ZINC allows new questions such as: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What biogenic compounds are active against my target?\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the nearest metabolite, drug, or other bioactive to my compound?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 Aggregator advisor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Aggregator advisor answers the question: Is my compound previously reported to aggregate, or is it similar to one that is known to aggregate? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 Other Research topics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What would an optimal phenotypic screening library look like?\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How good is a screening library?\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How could a screening library be improved\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 These are questions we are currently working on, using SEA, ZINC and other tools. \{% endblock %\} }